Genuine unplanned accident and near-miss

Author: jxtbxx

*000*2025-09-25 09:58

Hi - my first post here - this is something that happened the other night involving myself and my partner, who ill refer to as M. I'm male and M is female, however we are both quite androgynous in appearance and personality. M doesn't know that i'm into omo stuff, but probably has some suspicions.

We're both in our second year of university, and occasionally go to a nice spot near campus to smoke (well, vaporise) weed. we planned a particularly long session several nights ago since we didn't have to be up early for lectures the following day, so we brought with us a blanket, tea and coffee, and snacks. i thought we were very prepared, but of course i forgot that id drank quite a lot of water in the hour-or-so leading up to this point.

So, we left our flat at about 9:30pm and walked the 15 minutes to our spot, layed the blanket out on the ground, and made ourselves comfortable. everything was going amazingly. that was, however, until an hour (and half a flask of coffee) later when i suddenly felt myself become scarily desperate. this was concerning for two reasons: firstly, we would still be out for at least another hour or two, and secondly, being as high as i was meant that i had much less control over my bladder than i normally do. despite this, i decided to ignore it as much as possible - I'd never had a real accident before, so i assumed i would be fine.

Another 45 minutes later, i was beginning to doubt whether i'd be able to hold it until we got home. i was now struggling to stay still - i was sitting cross-legged and occasionally shifting from side to side, and bringing my legs up close to my body to try and relieve some of the pressure. i was trying to do all of this without letting M see, but sitting still was becoming difficult. any time i was sure that M wasn't looking, i moved my hand to my crotch and held myself for as long as i could until M looked back my way again. i knew at this point that walking back home would be a serious challenge.

On the other hand, M (who becomes desperate very easily) seemed to be doing fine, despite also having had quite a lot to drink. usually she would mention needing to pee quite early on, but there was nothing yet. as i noticed this, i decided, in a panic, to bring up my own desperation to hopefully prompt her, but she dismissed it with no mention of herself.

Another 45 minutes of desperately trying to hide my squirming later, M was finally ready to leave, so we started to pack our stuff away into our backpack. M remained sitting, and I stood up, hoping that being in another position would help. unfortunately, this sudden movement resulted in me feeling MUCH more desperate tha a few moments before. i squeezed my legs together as tightly as i could and bent over, shoving my hands in my pockets to hold myself. for the next few seconds i couldn't tell whether i was still dry, or if i had leaked, or even whether i was actively peeing. i waited for the pain in my bladder to subside, and turned around to quickly check for any dampness - luckily there didn't seem to be anything noticeable yet.

Panicking about getting back as soon as possible, i hurriedly handed my flask to M, who was still in the middle of packing everything else away. Clearly the rushed way i handed the flask over was particularly funny, because M burst out laughing upon looking at me. this laughter soon turned into more of a desperate whine, however, as she quickly directed her gaze to the ground and fell silent. i noticed a growing puddle around where she was sat on the blanket, and a dark patch on her grey joggers. 

My heart started racing and a wave of pleasure shot through my body. this was the best and worst thing that could have happened - in my excitement, i felt a couple of drops of pee leak into my underwear. i crossed my legs and held myself, still watching the puddle, and the wet patch, get bigger and bigger. when she finally finished peeing, M finished packing in silence, picked up the soaked blanket, and we began walking back. i don't know if M thought i hadn't noticed (since it was very dark), but I was too focused on preventing the same thing happening to me to think about that.

The walk back was as difficult as i thought it would be - i stopped several times to cross my legs and bend over slightly to prevent an accident, and my hands in my pockets were almost constantly buried in my crotch. luckily there were no more leaks on the way home, but that changed the moment we got into the flat. M slipped her shoes straight off and ran to the bathroom, however my walking boots would prove to be much more difficult to take off. as i bent over to attempt to unknot my laces, i felt a small spurt escape into my underwear as i sharply inhaled and squeezed my thighs together. staying in this position, i felt several more drops run down my leg as i slowly and painfully took off my boots. i sprinted to the bathroom, which M was luckily out of by now, leaking once more on the way, and finally got to relieve the immense pressure that had built up in my bladder.

Unfortunately i was wearing black underwear, so the wet spots don't show up very well, but I've attached a couple of pictures anyway. next time i will wear something better (and maybe drink a bit more on purpose ;))

