I couldn’t hold it in the bathroom line

Author: jatakk

*000*2025-10-06 08:16

Starting off, I never had an accident before this unintentionally. Whether it was due to weakening because of holding the night before or not, this was quite the experience.

I went out with some friends for drinks for the weekend and sometimes I get a bit carried away (hehe). I had about 5 drinks at this point, and to avoid hangovers, I order water with that as well.

Kink aside, I’m very shy about telling people that I have to pee, because it feels just embarrassing for some reason. These people I only met recently too, so it was especially awkward for me. I tend to hold it until I can’t anymore in public, because of embarrassment and I’m also a little germaphobic haha.

Even though I was stumbling around a bit now, it felt too embarrassing to go. It’s funny, when I drink alone, at this point I’ll pee anywhere I can. It’s quite freeing to pee where you please when drunk, no?

I thought we might split up soon to go home so I tried my best to ignore the urge. Mmmm, but the urge built up faster than I expected. It was like 8/10 now. I had to squirm. I knew eventually it would start coming out on its own.

I’m in a pretty big city where I’m from, so of course the line would be long for the bathrooms. I decided to just go now, also because a girl said she had to. Good chance I thought!

We were in line and it escalated soooo fast. I was way drunker and my bladder felt so weak. I was 9/10 for sure. A few minutes passed and I felt the first leak. While holding, I find standing up is much worse, I guess due to the anatomy haha. I bet if I was sitting it wouldn’t have been so bad.

Second leak came, and there were still a few people ahead. I told my friend I was about to pee myself, to which she laughed and asked the people ahead if I could go. Now, I actively had to cross my legs to stop everything from coming out. They took pity and let me go and I remember hitting some walls a bit on the way in.

This part is my favorite memory. I had to stop partially on my way in and just hold myself hard for a minute, because it was all about to release. My friend asked if I was okay lol. Some actually escaped and I felt it run down my legs and in my shoes! Now this never happed so it was very interesting for me. I don’t think anyone noticed, but maybe they just didn’t want to say.

But a lot of pressure released, and I was able to make it to the toilet in time! I kept peeing what felt like forever, but it was so relieving! Overall I enjoyed it! On my way home, I found myself desperate again, almost leaking, but managed to make it home in time also : )

