First genuine wet experience

Author: Jack_wetting

*000*2026-01-08 23:25

So this is my first post here, and actually one of my first genuine experiences a part from holding / wetting volountairly.

I went out with friends 15 minutes from my house, I was out from 21.00 to around midnight so not that long, i don't recall going for a pee before leaving but i usually do, so i guess i went. I was wearing a pair of dark jeans and boxer briefs with a square pattern on them. I'm a 20 yr old guy, i'm 174cm (5'7 or 5'8 idk) and i have a regular build

Out with friends it was very cold and we sat outside at a bar because some of us smoke, I drank a coke, this made my need go up but not terribly, also the cold weather was adding to my need. Later one of my friends asked for some water and, even tho i had to go a bit i said i wanted one too. i was at a 5 or 6/10 at this point, drank the water it got worse but still bearable to get home.

However when i got up my need to go pee got up very quickly, i was standing and laughing hard with friends, by bladder was completely full, i was 9/10 full i could not hold it long so i wanted to go home. i started pressing my friends to go when one of them, asked me to bring him home, i was bursting at the moment but i couldn't say no.

Now you may ask, why didn't you go for a pee and relieve your bladder in the bar? good question!! first part of the answer is i didn't really think that it was this bad when i was sitting and tought i could have made it home dry, plus when i got up the bar was closing... i had no option but to hold it in.

Idk how but i got my friend home dry, we chatted a bit when we got to his, i was dying to relieve myself i was full, shifting on my seat trying not to show that i was desperate. As soon as he closed the door and i got moving i undid my belt that was pressing against my painful bladder, and also undid my jeans buttons, i was gonna make it.

During the road home i had one hand on the steering wheel and the other one on my underwear squeezing my dick and maybe trying to get it hard a bit so I could hold it better, i did consider my chances then: a) making it home b) stopping by the side of the road (ngl i was tempted but didnt) c) going there in my poor undies and soaking by crotch and butt as i was driving.

I chose option A i sped home, i saw my house and got frustrated because a guy was going slow in front of me, when i arrived i opened the gate and the first spurt came out, i was 10/10 full, no space left for my pee inside my bladder, the only way was out. I drove my car into the driveway and got out leaving my car in the middle of the driveway, took my keys and with my pants undone ran to the door holding my wet crotch.

I struggled to open the door and my penis and bladder started to give up, i could feel the pee gushing out of my penis and wetting the fabric of my boxer, i was trying still to hold it in (or at least to mitigate the damage) and i started potty dancing outside my front door, got inside and removed my jacket as more pee came out of my bladder and into my damp boxer briefs.

I ran to the bathroom with my hands on my crotch and my pants down to my knees, while i opened the lid and sat down a leak came out, again, finally i was able to relieve myself. during my much needed pee i inspected the damage on my boxer briefs and noticed they were damp.

When i finished i got out to park my car and finally got home, i did not change my boxer briefs and i sleep in my undies so i could feel the wetness on the tip of my penis but i was too lazy to change and also it turns me on.

*003*2026-01-12 21:59

{{1 hour ago, TapeOverMouth said:

Nice story

}}

{{1 hour ago, MickyMoist said:

Love this account 💛

}}

Thank you both!!

