A genuine accident on the way home from Fry`s

Author: JustMike

*000*2026-02-10 05:29

This was a planned hold I did years ago and I almost made it back to my apartment dry but not quite.

I'm someone who finds it really hard to have a genuine accident. I consider "giving up and peeing yourself" to be a complete fail. For it to count as genuine, you really need to be giving it all you've got, even when it's started to come out. But it's so difficult to get to this point. When do I holds at home, the time-from-first-leak to the point where I actually have an accident... well, it can be hours, but normally it just never happens because I give up. That last stretch is the worst, when I'm shaking and dancing around like a mad person and losing little leaks almost constantly, but it seems to just keep going and going and going like that and an accident never comes. I guess eventually it might, but I just give up after some time normally.

So I've had very few of those situations where I just completely piss myself. This story today is one of those times.

I can't remember why my wife was out and why I was home (this is actually my ex wife). We were living overseas in the US at the time, and normally she didn't go out without me (we hadn't developed good social contacts in the new area). But on this particular day, I was alone, and I took it as an opportunity to do a hold. My wife didn't like omorashi at all and wouldn't have approved of me doing a hold, so this was going to be secret.

I think part of the reason that it's normally so hard to have a real accident is:

1. Every little leak is letting off some pressure. But I can't help it.

2. If you're holding when there's a toilet nearby, it's much easier to just "give up". (Or in the shower or on a mat or in a diaper etc)

I think I've found the solution, but it's risky so I almost never do it:

1. Wear clothes that make leaking super obvious, ideally out in public where there are other people who would see it. There is something psychological that forces you to just hold harder or something. Maybe it engages your involuntary sphincter more.

2. Make sure that you are nowhere near a toilet or anywhere you could conveniently pee when the time is coming close.

The few times I've genuinely peed myself, I've been following this.

###

So anyway, my wife was out, so I got to drinking. My plan was that when I was 80 or 90% needing to pee, then that would be the time to leave the house. I normally have pretty good bladder control (or at least did back when this took place) so I needed to be quite far along in the process.

When it was time, I changed into beige khaki pants, a button-up work shirt, and my work shoes. The khaki pants really show if you leak, so my hope was that it would motivate me not to leak (spoiler - it worked).

Then, I drove to a store called Fry's. Apparently all the Fry's are closed now, but it used to be a giant electronics store. The Fry's near us was about 40 minutes drive, IIRC. By the time I got there, I was really starting to get desperate. But I know how stubbornly hard to have an accident it is, so I thought this is probably about right. I tried to walk around Fry's, just browsing, but I couldn't really because I couldn't stand still. If I tried to stand in one place, I had to jiggle and dance so I don't piss myself and I really didn't want to do that because people around me would see me. I did go down on my heel a few times, pretending to look at something on the bottom shelf.

My plan was to "browse" Fry's until I get to the point where I feel like I really can't hold it anymore and that I'm going to piss myself at any moment, *and then drive home in that state*.

So I did -- I walked around Fry's another 30 minutes or so, until I just couldn't do it any longer. Until the point where even when I'm moving around I feel like I'm going to wet myself.

Then I walked out of the store and back to my car. I intentionally didn't bring any diapers or a mat to sit on, because the stakes need to be high to force me to keep holding. And these were very high stakes indeed -- if I did accidentally piss myself in the car, my wife would destroy me, and it would expose that I've been doing secret holds like this.

In hindsight, maybe I was a bit crazy at the time, but life was so stressful at that time that I really felt like I needed the release of a "proper hold". No giving up.

So yeah, I headed towards home, bouncing around in my seat, trying not to piss myself. I still wasn't leaking! And actually on this hold I never leaked.

About 5-10 minutes out from home, I was getting REALLY frantic. I couldn't even sit down on the car seat. I was pressing my left foot into the bottom of the car next to the break with all my force with my whole body stiff (I don't know why pressing my foot into the car like that would help but I think it was somehow just exerting a force that made all the difference). Every traffic light was torture. I'd also passed the point of no return, since now I was closer to home than to anywhere else that would have a toilet, and there were cars everywhere and nowhere to stop on the side of the road or something. But I also definitely MUST NOT PEE myself in the car because my wife MUST NOT FIND OUT.

I don't know if at this point I was regretting my choices since it seemed like there was no way out. But given how much I struggle to have a real accident (and had never had one before as an adult), I think there was a part of me that thought I can't really pee myself like this -- I WILL hold.

I managed to make it back to the apartment building. We had a building where the garages are not in the basement, they're in a separate wing of the building, and require to to walk through a public area to get to the apartments. I was so frantic at this point when I jumped out of the car, I didn't close the car or the garage or anything and just went straight towards the apartments. But I was only about 5 steps in when it happened. I felt the floodgates opening. Not a leak, just... gates opening wide.

I was in panic mode and didn't have any time to think. The pee was coming out and I had no control over it. It's not that clenching couldn't stop it but that I felt I didn't even have control over my sphincter anymore so I couldn't even clench. In panic, I put my hand in my pants to grab hold of my penis and stop it. Why did I put my hand *into* my pants, I don't know. Terrible idea in hindsight because now I have partially wet pants *and* and can't release my hand without losing the rest of it *and* I'm in public between the parking block and the apartment block with my hands in my pants. If I just pissed myself instead, it would probably be less incriminating. But my brain wasn't working.

I ran to the apartment block and up the stairs to the apartment, probably only about 30 seconds. I had the key ready and it actually opened easily even with one hand. I stepped inside and just pissed myself in the entrance way.

In hindsight, maybe this was just too risky. If the drive had been couple of minutes longer then I would have pissed myself in the car, and then how would I explain that to my wife? But on the other hand, it's the risk that forced me to hold beyond anything I might have otherwise done. And that moment where I started peeing myself is burnt into mind.

*002*2026-02-10 10:37

Yeah, my next experience I would call a "real accident" was a few years after that when was a walk in public while on a break from work. Arguably even more risky though! 😆 If I had wet pants (which I didn't luckily, but it was SO close), I still needed to go back to the office to get my car at least, and back into the building to get my car keys at my desk. And then my wife was at home, so what would I say coming home early with wet pants?? 😆 Even if I let them dry before going home, they would have smelled and then I have to explain why I'm randomly doing the washing when I never do.

{{4 hours ago, Alex Cubed said:

I think if the drive took a few minutes longer you still would’ve ended the same.

}}

Honestly, thinking back to the experience, I think it would only have taken a few minutes longer for it to end very differently. But I'm so curious what I would have done if I'd started pissing myself in the car. Would have I have grabbed my penis to stop it as well? How long would I have done that before letting go from pain? I have no idea how it could have gone.

*006*2026-03-05 03:56

{{On 2/19/2026 at 4:33 AM, Jumbledryer said:

It may be tempting to hold in the car, you can actually rupture your bladder, because of the seatbelt, even from just breaking quickly to avoid a crash.

}}

It's not something I do often, so I think the risk is low. I don't think you can actually rupture your bladder from just hard breaking, but I do worry about the case where I'm unlucky enough to be in a car accident when I'm holding. But I think it needs to be quite a serious car accident in the first place.

I think that holding in the car is quite "naturally" common for non-omo people. I have some great memories. One of my girlfriends was Vietnamese and said the toilets at her university were really disgusting so she always used to hold until she got home. Worst case she would leave early to go home and use the toilet but most of the time she just held until the end of the day. She told me she lost count of the number of times she peed herself on the run from the front door to the toilet.

And it was quite common practice to go out late with her friends to street-side restaurants in Vietnam with no toilet (the "restaurant" is just some small chairs and tables on the sidewalk), and then go to a dessert or drinking place afterwards with no toilet, so often she would come home almost peeing herself. I'm sure she wasn't the only one. (I went to visit Vietnam with her and in the short time we were there it happened a few times. One time that stands out, we arrived back at the place we were staying and she was sitting on her heel trying to call her cousin to let us in, then we ran upstairs to the bathroom and I told her to wait a moment for me so I could watch her desperate but she was dancing around and started peeing herself almost immediately).

Also my ex mother-in-law had a phobia for toilets and refused to go to the toilet at work so she held the whole work day and came home almost peeing herself multiple times.

That's not to say that it's safe, but I think holding in transit is quite common.

